feat(documenting/apiresource): added documentation for @apiResourceAdditional tag (#11)
knuckleswtf/scribe-docs: laravel/documenting/60-responses.md

}
```

### Additional Data

> If your endpoint returns a data with additional fields of meta information, you can tell Scribe it by using `@apiResourceAdditional`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your endpoint returns additional fields using the API resource's `additional()` method, you can indicate this with `@apiResourceAdditional`:
```

```php
class UserResource extends JsonResource
{
    public function toArray($request)
    {
        return [ 'id' => $this->id ];
    }
}

class UserController extends Controller
{
    /**
     * @apiResource App\Http\Resources\UserResource
     * @apiResourceModel App\Models\User

>      * @apiResourceAdditional title="User created" message="User successful created"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     * @apiResourceAdditional status="success" message="User created successfully"
```

>      * @apiResourceAdditional title="User created" message="User successful created"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     * @apiResourceAdditional result=success message="User created successfully"
```

     */
    public function store($request): JsonResponse
    {
        // ... some store code ...
        return UserResource::make($event)->additional([

>             'title' => __('User created'),

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            'result' => __('success'),
```

>             'message' => __('User successful created'),

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            'message' => __('User created successfully'),
```

        ]);
    }
}
```
Produces output (with default `data`-wrapper):
```json
{
  "data": {
    "id": 1
  },

>   "title": "User created",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  "result": "success",
```

>   "message": "User successful created"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  "message": "User created successfully"
```
